what's up guys Curtis here and welcome
to what could possibly be one of the
best squad builders you'll see me do in
quite a long time especially before all
the team and seasons come out so firstly
i know a lot you guys are going to be
saying how do you get these coins i
haven't bought a single coin this year
all these coins are from pax and if you
want to check out the website that i've
been getting on my microsoft points from
there is a link to them in the
description down below i think they are
the cheapest game anyway let's get stuck
into it with Hugo Laurie and go I still
think he's one of the best goalies on
the game very very solid again this year
86 dive in 80 handling 89 reflexes and
really good positioning as well so that
for me makes him a really decent goalie
over in the left center back row we
actually have a silver who looks and was
absolutely quality we have this ilori
guy so I played eight games with him I
think I played eight games with all of
the team cuz yeah I don't see any reason
why he wouldn't have been in all of them
but 75 paise 76 defendant as 72 head in
he was actually a bit of a monster
surprised me they obviously links
perfectly with the guy who you're gonna
see in left made especially if you can
see the title of this video all the
title is good but he also links up with
prem as well so i think he's going to be
very very heavily used this year and
he's also a very very good at
centre-back indeed so next up in the
central centre-back role we have someone
who is a bit of a tank and i'm shocked
just how good he is this year it's
correct or a fantastic stats this year
considering he's getting on a bit 72
page 79 defendant and 81 heading
absolutely fantastic really really good
steps and a really decent player on the
game in at the third centre-back role we
kind of have a choice of two players i
was using cash only but i believe on the
bench we also have Younes Kaboul over
there that you can also use if you need
to so you new skirball is an option but
I went for long cash only because I just
kind of prefer them and obviously being
an arsenal fan I do want to go for cash
but 77 pace 80 defendant and 80 heading
also being relatively tall he's a really
really good centre-back for me let's go
over to the left mid now with a problem
I think the most expensive player in
this team and that isn't Cristiano
Ronaldo obviously an absolutely
tremendous player five-star skills at 93
base and 90 shot 91 German 86 head in if
you guys can ever afford him then
definitely pick him up I've done my
review on him already and I stand by
what I say that he is absolutely
tremendous so I would HIGHLY highly
recommend to pick him up if you can
in it to the first of the two Center
defensive mids roles we have first up a
shabby Alonso who obviously gets his
strong link over there with Cristiano
Ronaldo doesn't have any link with
valori but that doesn't matter he still
gets his strong links and that he is not
the quickest of the defensive mids but
when you've got such a quick backline
around you and so many quick players
pace isn't too much of an issue and when
you've got 75 shot 88 passing and 81
defended you kind of just do a good
enough job anyway next up in the next
central defensive mid role is it yeah
Torey now this guy costs a bomb looking
up 95k I was kind of shocked just how
much he costs but seventy-seven pays at
74 shot 80 parts in 1783 defendant at 84
heading some of the best well-rounded
stats I've seen on the game absolutely
tremendous and to be honest he was good
but definitely not worth 100 k he cost
me I'd say when he goes below 40 k he'd
be worth every penny but right now not
completely convinced to buy anywhere
over to right mid I did actually
originally have woke up but that meant
yeah ettore doesn't actually get the
full chem so I did have to draft in
Hazel's novice who is a very very good
right mid indeed 91 page 86 dribbling
four-star skills and really good passing
with 79 minute he can put in a good
enough cross for your strikers into can
we have esco I've used this guy and
almost every team i built so far he's
just so good I've uses his in form of
uses normal with that 80 page 81 person
and 88 dribbling fantastic years he's
also got fantastic curve as well make
making his finesses really really Opie
and I just really like him I think he's
really good in the game into striker now
we've got two absolute beasts we have
gareth bale in the right striker and we
have the informant dl gold cluster in at
the left striker so first up i do want
to say i have done a review on Diego
Costa's so if I remember there will be a
link to that in the description down
below but as you can see the two
strikers there have got unbelievable
pace both relatively decent in the air
80 and 74 heading gareth bale has really
good defending obviously as he used to
play left-back but being a striker that
isn't what you'd expect him to be using
but both front lower both fantastic
dribbling both fantastic shot really
good post bail having 93 diego costa
gravan 83 and really good shot as well
like I said four-star skill for bail
free stuff for do cost of both
absolutely fantastic place so let's go
on some gameplay now and talk a little
bit more about them over there so this
team on paper looks incredible but
compared to a few teams i've used it
wasn't the
now I won almost all the games i paid
but some of them could have been more
convincing it might be because i'm
slowly working my way up the divisions
now that is getting a tiny bit harder
but i found myself like using cheaper
teams to have been more effective but
this team I was still winning almost
every game obviously having a backline
of a lorry toure and cash only is just
incredible such an overpowered backline
you can't really get a better set of
wingers than ronaldo and now that's
maybe Robin or someone like that but
still amazing the two defensive mid a
ridiculously solid Isco is an
unbelievable playmaker and the two
strikers the info on Diego Costa and the
graph bail is just frankly out of this
world what a partnership you've got up
there and they don't make any mistakes
at all their absolute brilliant fail was
just unbelievable he picked up for me 16
goals in 13 games i did use them in two
different teams which is really good i
also use them in one of them in camp and
Diego Costa also picked up 11 in eight
so a fantastic little partnership up
there banging go laughter go laughter go
so many goals indeed so I cannot stress
enough just how good I found those two
to be up front we're now though and
nervous were both absolutely fantastic
and it's just a really incredible team
so if somehow you managed to fork out
all the money you can get Fred I'll be
honest with you if you open a lot of
packs you'll get this money anyway so if
you can fork out the money for that I
pick up this team it's really fun team
to use I really enjoyed all the skills
and stuff with Ronaldo so go pick up if
you want to thank you very much for
watching leave a like if you enjoyed
this subscribe to this channel if you're
new around here how do I stay and I'll
see you guys next time bye bye